---
title: Post One
date: "2021-12-14"
number: "01"
descr: "some one liner description"
---

## Terminal setup for Windows dev - Say no thanks to Vim

## Terminal setup for WSL - say yes to Vim

## All my terminal configs. Updated

## Building a Python package. Setup, what is __init__ for? Best practices for relative and absolute paths

### Python package dependency management - poetry or snakes?

## Meta^2 = this website

### Sveltekit + tailwind + mdsvex - Follow this post

### P5 processing for the web?

### Generative art on the web, but how?

### More gradients, until it goes out of fashion

### Colour palettes. They never go out of fashion

### Hosting the site. CDMON - quim.codes + bonjour@quim.codes

### Evolving the site. Code refactor + new components + complete rebuilds. + inspiration. Brian Clough, midsomer. wadda ya want

### Better grain. Start with normal noise (connor rotschild), and investigate what's better and why

### SEO & cookies when you don't like them

### Web critique #1. link to web critique.png in static. Not grain, feels cheap. Why? Low quality bg video, risky. What's better, how ti fix it? How the improve performance? What's the best solution?

### Vestige, add little simbols

### Moving gradient focus points in CSS?

### Changing all CSS colour variables after some time



### What's stack overflow worth, in terms of money -> knowledge? What if it disappears?





## Then WebGL + Three.js

### Making this lil cute weird lines:  Ancient writing system https://gorillasun.de/blog/making-of-vestige

## Presentation. French-catalan

__Nice to meet you!__

Lil disclaimer! This blog post isn't supposed to be a complete lesson on the topic at hand, but a telling of a story in a few steps: from facing a challenge to implementing the solution that worked for me. In essence it's a compilation of resources and own insights that fix a defined problem. I encourage you to keep reading if ___, but most importantly to scavenge the depths of the Internets to better understand this topic. You'll find more links to resources at the end of the post.

I'm sometimes bad at capitalism, I've helped build this and this, spent as much times as needed on peaufinner/sweat everry detail. When working on web projects is one of these times. Margins are scarce, but jolly feeling isn't. It's not cheap, but it's Southern European.So it __might__ be cheap. High standards, high quality. Low output.

What can I/we do? Web? Me. Landing page? Me. Brading? Logo & Identity? Prolly not me, but I know someone.
What can't I do? Apps. Slides. Désolé. Here's some people that can though.

I want to make it a product. Open source, but also be able to sell it. I won't compromise though, I rather have it public than pull it out if I can't sell it.